#liftng

#scala @liftweb @angularjs

Added [@webjars](http://www.webjars.org/) integration to inject angularjs javascript files into your pages.
This update effectively deprecates [lift-ng-js](https://github.com/joescii/lift-ng-js).

To take advantage of this enhancement, add the angularjs webjar to your `libraryDependencies`:

    libraryDependencies ++= {
      val liftVersion = "2.5.3"
      val liftEdition = liftVersion.substring(0,3)
      Seq(
        // Other dependencies ...
        "org.webjars"     %  "angularjs"         % "1.4.7",
        "net.liftmodules" %% ("ng_"+liftEdition) % "0.8.0"  % "compile"
       )
    }

And set `includeAngularJs` to `true` in `Angular.init()`:

    package bootstrap.liftweb

    class Boot {
      def boot {
        // Other stuff...

        net.liftmodules.ng.Angular.init(
          futures = true,
          appSelector = "[ng-app]",
          includeJsScript = true,

          // Set to true to include angular.js from org.webjars angularjs
          includeAngularJs = true,

          // Add any additional js modules you want to load in the page from the angularjs webjar
          additionalAngularJsModules = List("animate", "cookies", "loader", "resource", "route", "sanitize", "scenario", "touch")
        )
      }
    }

Notice here we also set `additionalAngularJsModules` to the list of all optional angular modules available.

Now the `Angular` snippet will expand to include `angular.js` and friends in your page with a single line of HTML.

    <script data-lift="Angular"></script>

Upgrading your angular version is as simple as updating any other library dependency.
Note that the path we use for the angular assets includes the angular version to ensure proper cache behavior.
We also do the right thing regarding minified assets.
That is, we serve non-minified js when in development mode and minified versions in all other modes.

This enhancement also supports adding `angular-csp.css` to your page.
Just set `includeAngularCspCss` to true in `Angular.init()`:

    net.liftmodules.ng.Angular.init(
      includeAngularJs = true,
      includeAngularCspCss = true
    )

In addition to supporting the classic webjars, both bower and npm webjars are supported.
Note that unlike the classic webjars, the additional modules for bower and npm are packaged separately.
For instance, if you would like to use the `animate` module, you should also include it in your dependencies in addition to adding it to `additionalAngularJsModules`:

    libraryDependencies ++= {
      val liftVersion = "2.5.3"
      val liftEdition = liftVersion.substring(0,3)
      val angularVersion = "1.4.7"
      Seq(
        // Other dependencies ...
        "org.webjars.npm" %  "angular"           % angularVersion,
        "org.webjars.npm" %  "angular-animate"   % angularVersion,
        "net.liftmodules" %% ("ng_"+liftEdition) % "0.8.0"  % "compile"
       )
    }

